additional-material/git_workflow_scenarios/additional-material.md, before:

# Additional information

We assume that you have already finished with the basic tutorial before coming here. This document will give you some additional information about advanced Git techniques.

### [Amending a commit](amending-a-commit.md)
This document provides information about how to amend a commit on the remote repository.
> Use this when you need to adjust a commit you made.

### [Configuring git](configuring-git.md)
This document provides information about how to configure user details and other options in git.
> Use this to better control your git configurations.

### [Keeping your fork synced with the repository](keeping-your-fork-synced-with-this-repository.md)
This document provides information about how to keep your forked repository up-to-date with the base repository. This is important, as hopefully you and many others will contribute to the project.
> Follow these steps if your fork doesn't have any changes in parent repository.

### [Moving a Commit to a different Branch](moving-a-commit-to-a-different-branch.md)
This document provides information about how to move a Commit to another Branch.
> Take these steps to move a commit to another branch.

### [Removing a File](removing-a-file.md)
This document provides information about how to remove a file from your local repository.
> Follow these steps to learn how to remove a file prior to a commit

### [Removing a branch from your repository](removing-branch-from-your-repository.md)
This document provides information about how to delete a branch from your repository.
> Only do these steps after your pull request get's merged.

### [Resolving Merge Conflicts](resolving-merge-conflicts.md)
This document provides information about how to resolve merge conflicts.
> Take these steps to resolve the annoying merge conflicts.

### [Reverting a commit](reverting-a-commit.md)
This document provides information about how to revert a commit on the remote repository. It will come in handy in case you need to undo a commit that has already been pushed to Github.
> Take these steps if you want to reverse a commit.

### [Squashing Commits](squashing-commits.md)
This document provides information about how to squash commits with an interactive rebase.
> Use this if you want to open a PR in an open source project and the reviewer asks you to squash every commit into one, with an informative commit message.

### [Undo-ing a local commit](undoing-a-commit.md)
This document provides information about how to undo a commit on your local repository. This is what you need to do when you feel you've messed up your local repository and wish to reset the local repository.
> Take these steps if you want to undo/reset a local commit.

### [Useful Links](Useful-links-for-further-learning.md)
This document is dedicated to all the tips and tricks websites, blog posts, and helpful sites that make our lives easier. They are a great reference to serve all of our needs, be it a beginner or an expert. This page should act as an index of all those useful links that would help everybody who is new in the open-source domain or someone who wants to learn more.

Commit message:

Add page outlining good commit messages

additional-material/git_workflow_scenarios/additional-material.md, after:

# Additional information

We assume that you have already finished with the basic tutorial before coming here. This document will give you some additional information about advanced Git techniques.

### [Amending a commit](amending-a-commit.md)
This document provides information about how to amend a commit on the remote repository.
> Use this when you need to adjust a commit you made.

### [Configuring git](configuring-git.md)
This document provides information about how to configure user details and other options in git.
> Use this to better control your git configurations.

### [Keeping your fork synced with the repository](keeping-your-fork-synced-with-this-repository.md)
This document provides information about how to keep your forked repository up-to-date with the base repository. This is important, as hopefully you and many others will contribute to the project.
> Follow these steps if your fork doesn't have any changes in parent repository.

### [Moving a Commit to a different Branch](moving-a-commit-to-a-different-branch.md)
This document provides information about how to move a Commit to another Branch.
> Take these steps to move a commit to another branch.

### [Removing a File](removing-a-file.md)
This document provides information about how to remove a file from your local repository.
> Follow these steps to learn how to remove a file prior to a commit

### [Removing a branch from your repository](removing-branch-from-your-repository.md)
This document provides information about how to delete a branch from your repository.
> Only do these steps after your pull request get's merged.

### [Resolving Merge Conflicts](resolving-merge-conflicts.md)
This document provides information about how to resolve merge conflicts.
> Take these steps to resolve the annoying merge conflicts.

### [Reverting a commit](reverting-a-commit.md)
This document provides information about how to revert a commit on the remote repository. It will come in handy in case you need to undo a commit that has already been pushed to Github.
> Take these steps if you want to reverse a commit.

### [Squashing Commits](squashing-commits.md)
This document provides information about how to squash commits with an interactive rebase.
> Use this if you want to open a PR in an open source project and the reviewer asks you to squash every commit into one, with an informative commit message.

### [Undo-ing a local commit](undoing-a-commit.md)
This document provides information about how to undo a commit on your local repository. This is what you need to do when you feel you've messed up your local repository and wish to reset the local repository.
> Take these steps if you want to undo/reset a local commit.

### [Writing Good Commit Messages](writing-good-commit-messages.md)
This document provides information about commit messages and resources for writing good commit messages. 
> Read this to better understand the purpose of a commit message

### [Useful Links](Useful-links-for-further-learning.md)
This document is dedicated to all the tips and tricks websites, blog posts, and helpful sites that make our lives easier. They are a great reference to serve all of our needs, be it a beginner or an expert. This page should act as an index of all those useful links that would help everybody who is new in the open-source domain or someone who wants to learn more.
